{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28460\viewh17880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Habit is the proprietary property of The Regents of the University of California (\'93The Regents.\'94)\
\
Copyright \'a9 2022 The Regents of the University of California, Davis campus. All Rights Reserved.  \
\
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted by nonprofit, research institutions for research use only, provided that the following conditions are met:\
\
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \
\
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \
\
* The name of The Regents may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. \
\
The end-user understands that the program was developed for research purposes and is advised not to rely exclusively on the program for any reason.\
\
THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE REGENTS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS. \
\
THE REGENTS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \
\
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \
\

\b If you do not agree to these terms, do not download or use the software.  This license may be modified only in a writing signed by authorized signatory of both parties.
\b0 \
\
For commercial license information please contact 
\i copyright@ucdavis.edu
\i0 .\
\

\b THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE\

\b0 \
Habit uses third party software libraries that are distributed under their own terms:\
\
Qt 5.15.2 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.qt.io/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.qt.io}}) is distributed under the Gnu Public License, version 3. \
Gstreamer 1.12.4 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/"}}{\fldrslt https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org}}) is released under the Lesser Gnu Public License. \
\
\

\b MULTIMEDIA FILES INCLUDED WITH HABIT2\
\

\b0 The multimedia files distributed with habit2 (these can be found in /Library/Application Support/habit2/stim; they are also linked to the \'93stim\'94 folder In each new workspace created by habit2) have been collected from public sources and are licensed under the following terms:\
\
The images found in the \'93images/fish\'94, \'93images/posters\'94, and \'93images/letters\'94 are from the New York Public Library Digital Collections ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://digitalcollections.nypl.org/"}}{\fldrslt https://digitalcollections.nypl.org}}). All images are in the public domain. \
\
The sound files included in the \'93sounds\'94 folder were obtained from freesound.org ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://freesound.org/"}}{\fldrslt https://freesound.org}}). The creators and license terms of the individual files are as follows:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0\'a0\'a0 S: ComicEyeBlink.wav by markboylan10 -- https://freesound.org/s/189586/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: cartoon groove.wav by zagi2 -- https://freesound.org/s/223006/ -- License: Attribution Noncommercial\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: Game Show Theme Tune by FoolBoyMedia -- https://freesound.org/s/220754/ -- License: Attribution Noncommercial\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: vintage bicycle horn.aif by Tomlija -- https://freesound.org/s/105419/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: Ant Marching Band - Dave Girtsman by blimp66 -- https://freesound.org/s/88020/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: Boing.wav by juskiddink -- https://freesound.org/s/140867/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: Sad Trombone.wav by Benboncan -- https://freesound.org/s/73581/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: old pinball.wav by mapleleaf -- https://freesound.org/s/34730/ -- License: Attribution\
\'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0 S: welcome_to_the_internet.mp3 by blimp66 -- https://freesound.org/s/89353/ -- License: Attribution\
\
The remaining multimedia files were obtained from public sources and are in the public domain. \
}